Zombies reversus ab inferno, nam malum cerebro. De carne animata corpora quaeritis. Summus sit​​, morbo vel maleficia? De Apocalypsi undead dictum mauris. Hi mortuis soulless creaturas, imo monstra adventus vultus comedat cerebella viventium. Qui offenderit rapto, terribilem incessu. The voodoo sacerdos suscitat mortuos comedere carnem. Search for solum oculi eorum defunctis cerebro. Nescio an Undead zombies. Sicut malus movie horror.

It's like they're pally-wally with us when there's a problem with their printer, but once it's fixed... How can you two... Don't Google the question, Moss! It's my term for my time of the month. Oh. What time of the month? The weekend? How can you two... Don't Google the question, Moss! Uh... okay, well, the button on the side, is it glowing? Today I have a business empire the like of which the world has never seen the like of which. I hope it doesn't sound arrogant when I say that I am the greatest man in the world!

No, that's the music you hear when... I'm sorry are you from the past? I'm going to murder you... You bloody woman! I am a man, he's a man, we're men! Ok, tell me how your feeling. I feel delicate... and annoyed, and... I think I'm ugly. How can you two... Don't Google the question, Moss! You're not comfortable with your sexuality? Oh, I'm very comfortable with my sexuality, I just don't want to be slapped in the face with their sexuality. If anyone was ever rude to me, I used to carry their food around in my trousers. Oh my God! Before you brought it to their table? No, after! Of course, before! Why would I do it after?

Oh my God. I didn't even know Smarties made a cereal. They don't. It's just Smarties in a bowl with milk. Oh my God. I didn't even know Smarties made a cereal. They don't. It's just Smarties in a bowl with milk. No, no there you go, no there you go. I just heard it come on. Carrie, Moss! First scene in Carrie! Oh. Okay I'm going to murder you... You bloody woman! Dear Sir stroke Madam, I am writing to inform you of a fire which has broken out at the premises of...